I went home because you didnt give me a call
Just tell me I'm the only one, shit like that
I loved because I wanted to wander
Da di la di la ta ta la la
Love seemed somewhat familiar
So I drew a flower
Because I grew up too fast
I was playing around with my sexuality
Here and there, I let my body go with the flow
But I'm still nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing
This loud, loud, loud and frivolous heart of mine
Who could ever notice it
I cried because I don't give a f*ck
Hold me and my confused heart
Just give me something in return
Da di la di la ta ta la la
Yeah yeah yeah yeah I forgot
Don't feel a thing
Because I lost you
Go ahead and take me out
Makes me hurt, Tokyo sound
I hate the city
Tempers are short and everybody's cold
Everything is busy and lovely
Pale and sallow but I'm high
Anybody's here but nobody's here
Where where where is it
I can't find gratitude or love in anything I do
Time and time and time again I keep thinking about it
The day I cried because of malice
When the windy night is over
And your scent is gone
What will I do when I'm by myself
Da di la di la ta ta la la
I cried because you didnt give me a call
I went home because I only want you
I loved because I wanted to be loved
Da di la di la ta ta la la
Yeah yeah yeah yeah I forgot
Don't feel a thing
Because I lost you